hi I'm David pora and welcome to Chelsea
I began the company in 1996
emerging with the birth of Chelsea
Market in 1997 chelsea market baskets is
a destination for the connoisseur and an
emporium filled with tasty foods refined
baskets and beautiful accessories we
pride ourselves on our broad assortment
of products with a gem towards the more
natural very little artificial color or
flavor if at all very simply designed
maybe a bit urban rustic I like to say
and we try to have a sense of humor as
well a good part of what makes chelsea
market baskets a great gifting
destination is our gourmet shop appeal
the kind I remember from my childhood
that I love to visit I do not like the
word gourmet now because of how overused
it is or for that matter of gift baskets
which are often filled with product
added because of how it looks or how
little it costs and not because of the
way it tastes here at chelsea market
baskets we strive to build beautiful
baskets that are aesthetically pleasing
this products that will delight the
recipient and complement the occasion
chelsea market baskets is located in the
heart of chelsea a new york city area
just north of the Meatpacking District
and the West Village and just south of
Midtown our neighborhood is boasting
with culture art and is an enviable
epicurean destination housed in the
urban food court of chelsea market once
home to de mis co and the and the
birthplace of the oreo cookie chelsea
market baskets is an anchor store that
reflects the gastronomy of an
international neighborhood in the heart
of a great city along with residential
townhouses famed restaurants and tourist
attractions chelsea market baskets
offers memorable gifts with delicious
international gourmet food and lovely
gift baskets and what would our store be
without chocolate we keep a wonderful
selection of imported and domestic
chocolate such as Leonidas from Belgium
and mass brothers from Brooklyn
aside from great tasting sweets and
foods we sell empty baskets that we
design and import something of New York
area gifts for infants and expecting
parents and some carefully chosen home
accessories including soaps from France
and Portugal and candles from Thailand
we also sell cards some with a New York
sensibility and some funny reflecting
our sense of humor I invite people to
find the treasures of our store for
themselves and upon experiencing the
quality choose us for sending the right
gift in putting together our gifts we
are able to use many products that in
some cases we import exclusively to
chelsea market baskets and an addition
incorporate freshly prepared goods made
in chelsea market they all become
ingredients for the recipes to our
cherished gifts please visit us at
chelsea market baskets calm or in person
hope to see you again soon